hi my name is Henry Bunn crater P at
home P at home allows kids to be in
physical education class anytime they
deserve advantages of the program that
can be done in limited space if your
child can't do the moves perfectly
that's okay they don't have to worry
about other kids making fun of them
covers motor skills the same curriculum
taught in public school system motor
skills such as skipping hopping jumping
galloping oh yeah this video is going to
work it's probably the most physical
kids video ever produced and it can be
purchased at WPI at home calm hi my name
is Alyssa Sullivan thanks to the
Sherman's train technics under 2007 a
huge annuity eight and under goes gold
medal hi my name is Tory and I'm a
former student of mr. buns PE program as
an active athlete I participate in
sports year-round I don't think I've
been successful as I have been if it
were not for the intense conditioning
and fitness training that I received
during the five years I spent on the
jump run team I firmly believe that mr.
buns determination motivation and
commitment to the well-being of his drum
team members and students can make a
lifelong impact I know it has with me
hey I'm Holly Brantley I was on a
competitive gentler team that was
coached by Mr Bowen for three years a
big part of our practices was
conditioning the conditioning methods we
use helped me prepare myself for not
only jump rope competitions but
cross-country and cheerleading I've
never been in better shape than when I
was on mr. buns team my name is Jamie
Larry beginning in an early age I was
very active but I had no stamina after
joining the jump rope team coached by
mr. bun
I grew stronger and stronger I'm
currently playing volleyball basketball
across country getting a good exercise
foundation early and able need to be
ready for all levels of school sports
Thank You mr. blunt for seeing my
abilities and pushing me to do my best
my name is John Lin honestly I can say
the jump-rope has really given me the
drive to compete in sports my jump rope
coach mr. Vaughn pushed me hard and has
definitely paid off
I'm at the moment competing in soccer
and cross country my pledge system is at
an all-time high
thanks to mr. blood my name is Caleb
Richardson the general chief has
encouraged me to be the best I can be if
the active mr. burn my jump rope coach
pushed me to higher levels anthem of
athleticism being a part of the
generality has encouraged me to get out
and perform in front of others I still
jump roping or pushing myself to higher
levels outhouse lettuce is on today
you